Look, I play DND, ok? I made fun of kids in high school for it and I recognize I was in the wrong because it's A LOT of fun. There's at least 3 ways I know of doing this that already exist, but I'd like to figure out how to tailor a thing to do SPECIFICALLY the things I want and not just bastardize something that already exists (onenote and/or some google app).

That said, this project uses the following thingies:
-Foundation (instead of bootstrap - a friend of mine says only douchebags use bootstrap; side note, bootstrap was MUCH easier to incorporate than foundation, but I attribute that to not knowing much about anything)
-action_text - specifically rich text. I want to bold notes. Plus, I like headaches, so... Note: I have no clue is this will cause me headaches, but another system I worked on had a rich text-esque implementation that most certainly caused headaches. Not only with the display, but also with searching those fields because it included mark-up that essentially rendered it unu...  You know what, clearly I'm bitter about this, so we'll move on.
-devise - user logins. I don't know if there's a better way to manage this, but I spent a month coding a user login from scratch and I'm super pumped to only spend an hour or so doing it with this gem.

30JAN2022 - You can do stuff, but the models aren't linked. Still lots to do, but the superbowl is set and I'm going to sleep. Moar tomorrow.
02FEB2022 - I suspect there's an element of the asset pipeline I don't understand. I also couldn't get foundation to work reliably. I don't know if it's because the Foundation gem has been updated for rails 7 or if there's a critical component about managing jQuery I'm missing (import maps and having things like $(document).ready fire everytime - I suspect this is the bigger issue). So, I pulled out the foundation gem, but left in the css files. Then I just used vanilla javascript to backfill the missing jQuery bit. Plus there were some minor tweaks I needed to do with some media queries.